Old man Li, let me ask you
Is it true that Liu can steal your money?
Yes, what adults and villains say is true
In the early years, I saw Liu Neng as an orphan
I see him pitifully
She betrothed her daughter to him
But when he joined the job
loafing around all day
do not do business properly
I came back from going out a few days ago and moved my daughter
I want to steal my 400 taels of silver
If I don't give it to him, the official house will destroy me
adult
The villain saves money all his life
400 taels of silver that I finally accumulated
He wandered alone for three years
How can you have 400 car savings?
I can't believe these two look so well-dressed
So shameless behind the scenes
Simply hateful
Maybe this is the norm for Xiaoming in the market
Hey the world is getting worse
old-fashioned
No, why do I always feel weird?
Liu Neng
What do you have to say?
Sir, I am wronged
I am from Nanyang
Because of the war, he ended up in this neighborhood
Later, I happened to meet Lao Han Li
He saw that I was strong
Let me be the door-to-door son-in-law
And I said yes without thinking.
Who knew that after I started
He actually made me act like a slave
As long as there is one step, it is to hit
I was forced by Li Dazu to persuade
But he called it unfilial
Then I couldn't take it
He fled to a family in Xuzhou
The other party owes me three years of hard work
That's why you rewarded me with 400 taels of silver.
And I went home.
I think of your father taking care of my aunt-in-law for many years
Take good care of him in the future
I didn't expect him to get me drunk
Took my silver and raked it back
Adults have to call the shots for me
Dare to ask my lord
Is there any time in Xuzhou?
When has someone been sent?
Liu Neng did indeed work under a pair of households
It's just that the house passed away a few days ago
So there is no way to be sure about this.
No witnesses
I'm afraid this case is hard to solve